== Patient Filtering System

Patient View
1 Apply for the application.
2 Enter the brief personal information.
3 Answer the questions for the trial(which calculate the eligibility)
When a new patient tries to apply for the application for given trial, he/she has to enter their brief information.
After submitting their information, the system redirects the patient to answers some questions which tries to find out whether the patient is eligible or not.
Here the progress bar shows how many questions still left to be answered. The questions may be either multiple choice or fixed answer short answer. If the patient fails then he will see a red label denoting the failure. If the patient successfully completes the test then he/she see a model box saying ‘successful completion for the test’.


Admin View
1 Create/manage trials
2 Add questions for the trial
3 Create application for the trial
4 Compare patient/subject questions answers(expected answer and patient answer) and can mark the patient as  eligible forcefully.


Admin can create a new trial with name and description of the trial.
After creating a trial, admin can add questions, delete, see patient associated and create application/vacancy for the given trial.
When admin create application for the trial he can set the trial age, maximum number of patient can apply and application closing date.
Admin can add questions for the given trial where he will be able to select different answer types. These questions will be dispatched to the patient in random order.
When patient/subject gives the test, admin can see and compare the answers for the given patient. The comparison is shown in model box where wrong answer will be marked as wrong(*).





==System Architecture

Ruby 1.9.3 0r 2.0
Rails stable version
Deploy to heroku